Sensei, I've come to declare war.
I'm going to take the Liar Game seriously.
And...
I'm going to take back my 100 million yen
on top of stealing yours.
The whole amount will be mine!
Shockwave
I'd decided to fight.
I knew sitting and crying
would get me nowhere.
Most crucially of all,
I'd found a powerful ally.
I have a plan.
The genius con man who'd taken down
a corrupt business network
had said that to me with confidence.
What's your plan?
We only have to do two things.
That'll be enough to get
your game money back.
First, make it clear to him that
you'll be playing the Liar Game.
Second,
keep him under constant watch.
That's... your whole plan?
Yes, that's everything.
That was why I declared war
on Fujisawa-sensei that day,
and why I began monitoring him.
But... will this really be enough
to get the 200 million yen?
You're...
Hello there.
I've come to participate in the
Liar Game on Kanzaki-san's behalf.
I'll be taking 200 million yen from you.
Best regards.
You'll never get it!
Oh, but I will.
I have a perfect plan, you see.
Hello? Is this the police?
A suspicious vehicle has been
parked outside my house...
Oh, no! The police?!
So the cops came by, huh?
This is no laughing matter!
Sorry, sorry.
I figured that might happen.
I've leased this apartment for the month.
Have a look outside.
That's Sensei's house!
Now we can watch him without
the police chasing us off.
You're a good person, Akiyama-san.
I thought you were scary at first...
But you've arranged our watch shifts
so I'd be able to visit my father,
and you even rented this apartment...
What convinced you to help me?
The money, of course.
Not many people in this day and age
are crazy enough to hire an ex-con.
If I steal you the full 200 million
in the game, I get 50 million.
Fifty million for a month's work?
Sounds like a great deal to me.
One Week Later
But that was assuming we
managed to steal the money.
What made him so certain that we could?
Time to switch shifts.
Did you notice anything?
I'm afraid not.
Early on, he'd go out to play
pachinko or do his shopping,
but these last few days,
he's been cooped up at home.
I see.
Um...
Could you tell me what
the point of this plan is?
We've spent this whole week doing
nothing but watching his house.
I have to admit that I'm not sure
what we're accomplishing.
It's a common con artist tactic.
"Rattle your mark
before closing the trap."
That's how bank transfer
scams target old people.
They hear what sounds like a loved
one panicking over the phone,
so they freak out and willingly
hand over their money.
No matter how level-headed someone seems,
once they lose their composure,
they become shockingly fragile.
In other words, we're driving
him to the brink mentally.
Put yourself in Fujisawa's shoes.
His opponent just told him
she'd win at any cost,
and I told him I had the perfect
plan to swipe his 200 million.
He doesn't know what the plan is,
and he's under 24-hour surveillance.
See for yourself.
What the hell are they doing?
They said they were going to win,
but how could they steal the 200 million?
They can't do it.
There's no way they can.
My strategy is flawless!
Well?
He's very clearly unnerved.
That's what happens when you're
watched all day and all night.
The psychological pressure
becomes incredible.
I see now that you're trying to break him.
But how are we going
to get the 200 million?!
It's all in a safe deposit box!
Even if we'll have two days to
steal it before the game ends,
we don't even know what bank it's in!
He may not be keeping
the money in a bank at all.
I'll get right to the point.
That 200 million is inside his house.
Do you mean it?
Think about it.
Say you're the one with the 200 million.
You have it in a safe
deposit box at the bank,
and you're being spied on
in your home at all hours
by an enemy waiting for
a chance to swipe it.
What would you do?
I'd want to get away from home.
As far away as possible.
Why?
Because I'd hate being watched like that.
The stress would take its toll over time.
The money would be safe in the bank,
so I'd want to preserve my
strength for the endgame.
Reasonable.
What if you didn't hide it in the bank,
but rather in the bushes somewhere?
I definitely wouldn't stay home then!
I'd want to be somewhere
I could always keep an eye on it!
My opponent might learn where
it is and steal it at any time.
Or someone who wasn't part of the
game might stumble across it...
Doesn't it seem strange, then, that he's
spent all this time holed up in his house?
It's under constant surveillance,
putting intense pressure on him.
So why is he staying?
There could be only one reason.
He's desperately worried about the
200 million he's got hidden inside.
Of course!
If the money's hidden in his house,
he can't afford to leave with us
watching him around the clock!
Let's turn up the pressure
with our surveillance tactics.
Make it clear that we know
the money's in the house.
Right!
Liar Game Ends in 16 Days
The pressure must have gotten to him,
because Sensei's desperation
and exhaustion visibly increased.
He scarcely even moved within the house.
He's barely shifted
from that spot all day.
That narrows down the location.
Closet
Japanese-Style
Room
Japanese-Style Room
Where did he stash the money?
Kitchen
Japanese-Style Room
Closet
Although he also could've
split it up into five places...
No, he even could've spread the bills
across 20,000 different locations!
What is it? Something wrong?
No, it's nothing!
For my father's sake, too,
I have to win this game!
Liar Game Ends in 10 Days
Look at how worn out he is.
Let's have a little fun with him.
Something's burning...
Where's that smoke coming from?
Wh-What's that?! A fire?!
Where's the fire coming from?
The stove? The bathtub?
The water heater?
D-Damn it...
Hello?
Is that you, Tanaka?
Would you come here on the double?
There's smoke coming from
somewhere in the house.
I need you to figure out where.
What? Just call a fire truck?!
Tanaka-san's right.
When there's a fire, call the fire
department or try to put it out yourself.
Granted, that noise
was from this thing here.
And we blew the smoke in
through your outside vent.
Still, your response was pretty suspect.
You didn't search very
hard for the source,
and you called a friend instead
of the fire department.
Almost as if you'd rather die
than leave this room...
You hid all the money in here, didn't you?
Wh-What?!
We already knew it was inside the house.
We just didn't know where... until now.
If it were in any other room,
that would've been the first place
you checked to see if it was safe.
Yeah, that's right.
The 200 million is
absolutely in this room.
Oh? You admitted that pretty readily.
Why do you think I copped to it?
That's because...
Even if you know it's here,
you'll never get your hands on it!
Feast your eyes on this!
The 200 million is inside.
The safe might be old-fashioned,
but it's heavy and strong.
You can't even pry it open
with a crowbar!
And it's too heavy to cart off, too.
Nice work finding out
where I'd stashed it and all,
but that's as far as your plan goes!
You lose!
No... No...
You see now?!
So call off your silly stakeout and scram!
Go home and think up a way to
make back the 100 mil you lost!
You really think you've beaten us?
You thought you could flash your safe,
break our spirits,
and get yourself a good night's sleep?
Silly you. Let me make things clear.
I can easily get the 200 million
out of that safe.
Y-You can get the 200 million
out of the safe?
Ridiculous! That's not possible!
Oh, but it is.
Easy, too.
Did you see how he fell apart?
He may have thought that showing
us the safe would make us give up,
but the fact that I was unfazed
only made him panic more.
A textbook case of cognitive dissonance.
What is that? Cognitive... what?
People feel uncomfortable
when their thinking
doesn't line up with
the world around them.
They alleviate that discomfort by
aligning themselves with the world,
turning the dissonance to harmony.
Fujisawa was sure that showing
us the safe would deflate us.
But contrary to his expectations,
I was brazenly confident.
It shook him into a state
of cognitive dissonance.
And so his assumptions changed
to harmonize with my confidence.
He really does have a trick up his sleeve!
People become so fragile
once their confidence is broken.
So you were bluffing about that?
You don't really have a way to
get the money out of the safe?
Ye of little faith.
It wasn't a bluff. It was true.
I know exactly how to get
the money from the safe.
I just can't tell you yet.
I had no choice but to trust Akiyama-san.
Sensei was certainly reaching
his psychological limit.
His occasionally odd behavior
became more frequent.
How is he going to get into the safe?
He doesn't know the combination, does he?
No, that can't be it!
Where could he have learned it?
Even if he did know it, he'd need more
than the combination to open the safe.
He'd need my key, too!
There's no way he's
getting into this thing!
He'd have to break in by force!
Or does he intend to do exactly that?!
But it's too sturdy to bust open!
The only way in would be
with a cutting torch...
A cutting torch?!
That could work!
He could sneak into the
house while I'm asleep
and burn through the
safe door with a torch!
Not on my watch!
Come on and try it.
I'll fight you off with my kitchen knives!
What the heck?
But wait...
Even if he uses a powerful cutting torch,
it would take the better part of
an hour to get through the safe.
If he's going to that trouble,
it would be faster to carry
it away and destroy it!
That's gotta be it!
He's got some crazy new idea now.
What's that sound?
He must think we're going
to make off with the safe.
But nothing he can do will save him.
The only thing that kept me sane
was Akiyama-san's confidence.
If not for him, I would have lost
my mind like Sensei by that point.
Liar Game Ends in 4 Days
This marked 25 days
since the start of the game.
Game Ends in 4 Days
Kazuo Fujisawa
Nao Kanzaki
We will collect the money at 5:00 PM on June 14th. The game will end then.
Four days from now at five...
If I can hang in there for 90 more
hours, I win 100 million yen!
Of course, I received
the same announcement.
In four days... at 5:00...
Um, what should I do?
Exactly what we've been doing.
Putting pressure on Fujisawa
by watching him.
But...
Don't worry. I'm going to
cast a spell on that safe.
When the time comes,
it'll pop right open.
Liar Game Ends in 3 Days
Three more days...
Just hold out for three more days...
Liar Game Ends in 2 Days
Liar Game Ends in 23 Hours
Liar Game Ends in 12 Hours
Twelve hours left...
Will it really pop right open?
Liar Game Ends in 5 Hours
So close... So close...
That 100 million is nearly mine!
Liar Game Ends in...
...55 Minutes
I'm going to lose!
Help me, Akiyama-san!
I don't know what to do!
The safe... Won't you open the safe?!
I knew it!
You were bluffing about being
able to open the safe!
S-Sensei!
I'm sorry for spying on
your house all this time!
Just please...
Please return my 100 million!
Sensei... Please, help me!
Please help... help me...
Help my family!
Hell no!
Sensei!
Sensei! Sensei!
Please! Please help me, Sensei!
Forty-five minutes left!
Sensei! Sensei, please! Please!
Thirty minutes!
Ten minutes!
Sensei... Sensei...
Help me...
One minute left...
Eight! Seven! Six!
Five! Four! Three!
Two! One!
I did it!
Time's up!
No!
Next Time
Resolution